Minor tweaks to the README (#1)
elastic/universal-profiling-documentation: README.md

## Getting started with Universal Profiling

At the moment, Universal Profiling is **available only on [Elastic Cloud](http://cloud.elastic.co)**.
Eventually, it may also be available in self-managed or open-source distributions of the Elastic stack.

### Elastic Cloud

Enabling Universal Profiling on a deployment requires some manual actions for now but many of them will be automated in upcoming releases.

You need the following prerequisites:

- a Cloud account with a Platinum subscription
- a deployment at version 8.5.0 or higher (you can either provision a new one or upgrade an existing one)
- the Integrations Server must be enabled in the deployment
- credentials (either an API key or username/password) for the `superuser` Elasticsearch role (typically,
  the `elastic` user)
- a Linux machine with a terminal to run commands

> 

Author: A few lines below we mention "The following diagram summarize the steps we are going to detail below." but there is no diagram. Should we remove the sentence or do you plan to add a diagram?

Reviewer: Good spot!
I am looking into rendering the mermaid diagram via GitHub pages, and I am thinking it'd be just simpler to use a PNG.
I'll do the latter 😄

Reviewer: See #2

Follow these steps to enable the Universal Profiling app in Kibana:

1. Login to https://cloud.elastic.co and locate your deployment.
2. Edit the deployment.
3. Scroll down to the Kibana section, and click on "Edit user settings".
   ![edit Kibana user settings](./img/kibana-edit-user-settings.png)
4. Add this line in the user settings:
   ```yaml
   xpack.profiling.enabled: true
   ```
   ![edit Kibana user settings](./img/kibana-edit-user-settings-popup.png)
5. Go back and scroll to the bottom of the page.
6. Save the settings by clicking on `Save`.
7. If you encounter an error during the configuration change, [submit a support request](#submit-a-support-request)
   to have the line from step four added in Kibana user settings.

Once Kibana has the Universal Profiling app enabled, it's visible under `Observability` in the menu on the left-hand side.

> You can now go ahead and configure Elasticsearch, Fleet and APM to allow ingesting data:

Author: Maybe it's not even worth mentioning what components are configured below and only state something along the lines of:

```suggestion
You can now go ahead and configure data ingestion:
```

1. Fetch the Cloud ID of your deployment from the Cloud console.
   ![cloud ID](./img/cloud-id.png)
1. On your Linux machine, open a terminal to execute the next steps.
1. Download and extract the `elastic-profiling` CLI:
   ```bash

>    wget -O- https://releases.prodfiler.com/stable/elastic-profiling.tgz | tar xz

Author: A few lines below, we're mentioning

> Use `elastic-profiling` to print the host-agent configuration for various platforms

How about we say "package formats" or "package" instead of "platform"?

We also state:

> Print the `binary` configuration to test it out on the VM you are using

I am not certain to what VM we are referring to? Is this the Linux machine where we invoke the `elastic-profiling` CLI tool?

#### Installing the host-agent

The host-agent is the component that is profiling your fleet and needs to be installed and configured on every machine 
that you want to profile. The following instructions guide you to do a basic setup of host-agent on your Linux machine.

> If everything is working, you can deploy the host-agent across your fleet in the last step.

Reviewer: Nice 👍🏼

Reviewer: Ah actually one thing I will add as a note: we should recommend to _not_ use the `stable` tag provided by the instructions in production environments, because it's not immutable.
I am unsure if the best place for this recommendation is this document, the `elastic-profiling` output, or both 😅 

Anyway, will raise a dedicated PR for it or embed into #2

Author: Hmm, I tend to adding it in both places. :)

> **Note on the host-agent configuration**

Author: I'm not certain whether it is clear to users at this point that the host agent needs to be installed on the machine(s) that should be profiled? Maybe it's obvious to the target audience or covered by other documentation but some people might feel lost at this point.

Author: I've added the following paragraph now prior to the installation instructions for host-agent:

```
The host-agent is the component that is profiling your fleet and needs to be installed and configured on every machine 
that you want to profile. The following instructions guide you to do a basic setup of host-agent on your Linux machine.
If everything is working, you can deploy the host-agent across your fleet in the last step.
```

1. The host-agent is running on an unsupported version of Linux kernel, or it can't perform its operations because of
   missing kernel features.

   In case of an outdated kernel version, this message will be logged:
   ```text
   Host Agent requires kernel version 4.15 or newer but got 3.10.0

>    ```

Author: A few lines below we mention the terms "collector" but we did not use this terminology elsewhere in the document. Should we just say something like "The host-agent is not able to connect to Elastic Cloud"?

Reviewer: Is this been updated? I still see `connect to the collector` at L#167

Author: Oh, good catch. I corrected one instance but forgot the other one. I've addressed this now in https://github.com/elastic/universal-profiling-documentation/pull/1/commits/4bc81c9ad814ec2f46beff7a40bd8aa07bc4ce41.
